[docs] Dockerfile Tutorial on installing into ~/.cache (#4969)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/extend/customizing-images.md

RUN echo "extension=${extension}.so" > /etc/php/${DDEV_PHP_VERSION}/mods-available/${extension}.ini
```

## Installing into the home directory

The in-container home directory is rebuilt on `ddev restart` so if you have something that installs into the home directory (like `~/.cache`) you'll want to switch users in the Dockerfile. In this example, `npx playwright install` installs a number of things into `~/.cache`, so we'll switch to the proper user before executing it, and switch back to the `root` user after installation to avoid surprises with any other Dockerfile that may follow.

```Dockerfile
RUN npm install --global spidergram
USER $username

> RUN npx playwright install

Author: ```suggestion
# This is just an example of creating something in the home directory
RUN touch ~/${username}-was-here
# `npx playwright` installs lots of things in ~/.cache
RUN npx playwright install
```

RUN echo "extension=${extension}.so" > /etc/php/${DDEV_PHP_VERSION}/mods-available/${extension}.ini
```

## Installing into the home directory

> The in-container home directory is rebuilt on `ddev restart` so if you have something that installs into the home directory (like `~/.cache`) you'll want to switch users in the Dockerfile. In this example, `npx playwright install` installs a number of things into `~/.cache`, so we'll switch to the proper user before executing it, and switch back to the `root` user after installation to avoid surprises with any other Dockerfile that may follow.

Reviewer: Describe “running” commands so it’s clear that user involvement is part of the equation:

```suggestion
The in-container home directory is rebuilt when you run `ddev restart`, so if you have something that installs into the home directory (like `~/.cache`) you'll want to switch users in the Dockerfile. In this example, `npx playwright install` installs a number of things into `~/.cache`, so we'll switch to the proper user before executing it, and switch back to the `root` user after installation to avoid surprises with any other Dockerfile that may follow.
```

```Dockerfile

> RUN npm install --global spidergram

Author: ```suggestion
```

```Dockerfile
RUN npm install --global spidergram
USER $username

> # This is just an example of creating something in the home directory

Reviewer: Trade “just” for more “something” clarity (for both people that may not have seen the `touch` command):

```suggestion
# This is an example of creating a file in the home directory
```

Author: Can't believe I dared to say "just"
